All right so we know that our form is actually receiving the raise is able to receive data right.
We are able to submit it to.
But let's go ahead and do some things to it.
Now we will probably be adding and this is actually very sure that we will be adding a picture feature
but we will do that in the in the extra features sense.
I'm more concerned about just finishing this and then later on we're going to have really cool features
right.
Well right now let's go ahead and finish it.
So let's make sure that we don't comment this out right now here.
Let's live this overloaded date and the function for moving files.
All right you can go ahead and if you want to try you can go ahead and try this right now.
King uncle is now.
And I comment.
This issue work fine.
You probably will have a permissions problem.
So make sure that you right click on that folder on the images folder and give it permission 7 5 5 or
7 7 7 to read and write right to the images for this so that beacon can work.
So the server can work with that folder right.
If you want to go ahead and do it now but I'm not going to do that right now I'm going to do the images
and the extra features so that what we can do something nice.
So.
So we were sending some data here let's make sure that we get inserted into the users table.
Right.
And we want to say user ID here
user I think is first name we got over there for is name
user or last name should be copy and paste.
And by the way.
But actually this is the columns in the table.
All right.
So use your last name.
What is in that stain that we are use or roll.
All right.
What else are we this here.
This comment is going to be used in there right now.
User name
what else.
Actually user name goes together.
These are e-mail and user password user e-mail user passwords almost the same amount of feels right.
User password.
All right.
Let's make sure that this is good.
There we go.
And here we're going to be answering those like this user ID.
That's the reason why I named the same so that way I don't have that confusion here.
User
first name we should be copy and pasting from the top.
OK.
Because if now you're going to get some errors especially when you're first starting out even I guess
some marrows last name we're not going to be using this function now that now function
was in its own user role.
We're not going to be using the idea or work putting it right here.
Let's just take that out real quick.
All right.
So use user road user name
user email
over here
or email.
And the last one the user password used for us.
All right.
Perfect.
Let's change the name of this create user Querrey right here.
Corey.
All right.
Perfect answer to users.
User name right here.
User first name they use or last name user role user name user email user password.
What else we need to change here.
Meant to post.
Everything's looking good right here and user roll.
Just make sure that this is the same on top here looks the same to me here also.
All right.
So in the next lecture we're going to be testing this and making sure it works correctly.
And so you then take your